We'll come back and this video we are going to look through the worst that we just had.
And if you managed to answer all the questions correctly with confidence then you can simply can skip
this video and go to the next one.
Otherwise just follow along.
All right.
So let's go out with the first question.
How can you define a list in Python.
And as you can see there are four different answers.
The first one uses curly brackets.
The second one uses square brackets.
The third one to use the square brackets as well but the difference here is that it separates the values
with a semi-colon and the fourth.
And so here or possibility is using rounded brackets.
Now you might know that B is the correct answer because if you want to create a list in Python you need
to use to square brackets and you need to separate the values with a comma.
That's exactly what it does.
Be answered us.
So the correct answer here is B.
Now the second question how do you access the third element.
And as you can see we have a list here which is called first names and there are four first names in
here.
Ivanka Donald Ivanna and Baron and you can see here that we have the zero index the one index index
2 and index 3.
And now we want to access the third element so first Ivanka second Donald.
And third will be Ivanna.
And how do we get Ivanna.
Well we'll get her by getting the first names at index 2 because index starts with zero.
Ivanka is in zero.
Donald in next one and Ivanna is index too.
That's why c is the correct answer.
Now let's check out the third question.
How do you extend to list wars with a third element.
And I hope we never do that in real life but we have this little list of force or the was the first
war and the second war.
And you could say World War or you could even think of other wars and then we have three answers here
wars and then wars had index three is going to be three wars apply three and then wars at Penn three.
So which of those is the correct answer.
And actually here no question marks like that.
Which of those is the correct answer and the correct answer is spend.
Because in order to add an element to our list we use the append function.
As you can see here.
So the correct answer will be the.
All right.
I hope you could follow along and understand everything that's going on because we're going to work
with lists quite a lot.
And the next video we're going to check out how to use the pop function in order to get rid of an element
in our list and specifically the last element of the list.
So see you in the next video.